(ABOUT)ABOUT New Army Organization is a non-governmental organization whose aim is to promote morals
in high schools as well as reduce the number of out-of-school children in Nigeria which UNICEF
records as over 18.5 Million in 2022 and by extension Africa. The organization has about 5,500
students as beneficiaries and employs support staff and volunteers for the purpose of sensitization
and progressive learning.

(PERSONAL)HISTORY/ORIGIN The founder Onyeka Ugwueze’s academic track record inspired him to pour
more from his ocean of leadership capacity into bringing sustainable change in world politics and
development in Africa. Due to the increasing rate of immorality in secondary schools (high school)
and over 15 million kids categorized to be out of school, with a team of eight he founded the ''New
Army organization"

(BUSINESS) PURPOSE The new Army organization was borne out of the passion to teach values and morals
in secondary schools (high schools) and provide basic primary education for kids and skills
acquisition for teenagers whose families just like the founder could not afford to pay these fees.
The New Army organization trains and equips volunteers who play vital roles in sensitization and
assist to seek sponsorship and partnership. We partner with good schools and skill acquisition
centers, individuals, and NGOs willing to support

(BANKING MADE EASY AND ACCESSIBLE) Building a Dynamic and Equitable Society through Inclusive,
Quality Education We have package programs and activities tailored towards building a generation of
young people who are capable, resilient, and equipped to meet the challenges of the modern world
with confidence and purpose

(GET STARTED) BE A VOLUNTEER
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSenITY27834bm7vgjCz6k32HUdN-X85dzfDBhqftpsdClpgtA/viewform?usp=fb_send_twt

(Security) Mission: To provide teens with the academic tools, contemporary skills, and moral
consciousness needed to become well-rounded, responsible, and successful change agents.

(All in one app) Vision: A generation of young people who are capable, resilient, and equipped to
meet the challenges of the modern world with confidence and purpose

(Accessible) MOTTO; Bringing light to nations

(Services We Render) WHAT WE DO We partner with NGOs committed to helping teenagers discover purpose
as we also work with government agencies like The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC),
Anti Cult Group, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, and
high schools who allocate time in each school for sensitization of these students to enable them to
achieve their purpose as they avert social vices in communities.

HOW WE RENDER OUR SERVICES

 35 MINS TO 45MINS TWICE IN A MONTH SENSITISATION WITH THE WHOLE STUDENTS IN EVERY APPROVED HIGH
SCHOOL

 SCOUT FOR CHILDREN OR TEENS IN THE STREET DURING SCHOOL HOURS AND PARTNER WITH INDIVIDUALS,
PHILANTHROPISTS, AND NGOs to return them to school.

Meet Our Lovely Partners  RISING START  SCRIPTURE UNION  PEACE HOUSE  EFCC  NDLEA  ANTI CULT

4/7 Online Service

With our 24/7 services provision, you can reach out to us for partnership or voluntary services.

We have package programs and activities tailored towards building a generation of young people who
are capable, resilient, and equipped to meet the challenges of the modern world with confidence and
purpose

Select What a way to partner  School sensitization; through providing materials for sensitization,
going to outreaches,  Scholarship: training a child in school, paying for a term, or providing
educational materials for sponsored children
